they are abused
in 2008
thank you
From the optical viewpoint, I have no other way of interpreting what
honduras and soft power co said left the night in the Aztec stadium
squandering one of the best generations of footballers
Central American in the history of the coarse or also a plethoric frame in
true unobjectionable to show your advances the phenomenal in quotes
spectacular between comillas sublime between comillas Honduran team
it turned out to be a visitor however the stolen items
mexico for its part was not the eighth wonder if they did not show the variant to
bounced
and not by forceful of the frame for your patience insisted that there are
piatti true order
that sense
who sought victory and nothing else
if Hondurans can complain about alicante they are wrong
the leaders part of their team
of his coach's position those fears of his foundations of his own
traumas
the newspaper very doubtful but the referee annulled a legitimate goal
pokémon white the arbitration was localista congratulate if someone deserves that
time for me Honduran Hondurans are ashamed because
we have foundations to be better we look for a little dot
they ran out of nothing they fans
critics and journalists argue that honduras had neither April but the Aztec
proexport and warn to take a landslide
avoid is a shame in return you take refuge in your court wide area
trajectory in play just for the fact since bitar a shame is a
stance and send us neither on the soccer field nor in life is a
football game and you have to risk you have to play outside you have to do
complete
pondered testosterone
deliver seventh tells you something
and that he wasted defending himself at all costs against him
your intention with luck out of fear is not an art with many say
the famous trio suazo costly pavon putin represents meters of the goal
already mexico know the end of their own responsibility
and from his own needs I copy white he has to do everything try to run
distribute ali ashgar deepen
and nothing else the lives do not wake up between players going up and down
level and I want to finish by maturing
much smoke much expectation many ambitions and active of the show is
was locked up and manipulated by the visitor's lack of ambition and by
ineffectiveness of the homeowner
I am sure that both Mexico and the parish priest apply 2010 but for
serve them kukushkin and 20 football not taking mate or credit playing you before
Brazil
it is an invitation to failure and haiti
shame aura